add Cellular IoT overview section (#15)
EMnify/Documentation: README.adoc

:imagesdir: assets

== Cellular IoT
EMnify is a IoT communications platform that enables you to connect your IoT solutions anywhere with the EMnify Global IoT SIM. Not only do you get global cellular access but with our cloud-native platform, we provide you with network meta-data to manage, monitor, and secure device communication.

- IoT SIM

Using a single SIM, you can have multiple IMSIs, switch between multiple carriers and ensure uninterrupted connectivity. You can learn more about IMSI in <<Service Stack Overview>> section

- Network redundancy

> With our own *Home network* deployed to the cloud in multiple availability zones, device communication remain uninterrupted. Learn more about our network architecture in the <<Service Stack Overview>> section.

Author: ```suggestion
Being able to connect to multiple operators over multiple partners increases connectivity availability. EMnify's platform (consisting of a mobile core network and a communication platform dedicated for IoT) has been built up cloud-natively, which means that it is deployed in 3 cloud regions within 2-3 availability zones per region / data centers. Even when one cloud data center becomes unavailable you can still transport your data over the EMnify network.
```

- Cloud Integration

Given the cloud-native nature of our platform, you can easily integrate network meta-data to cloud-services of your choice and automate processes like activation, quota management, billing and many more.

- EMnify API

> With the EMnify API, you can integrate all our services and features into your own applications using HTTP requests.  

Author: ```suggestion
With the EMnify API, you can control your SIM cards from your own applications using HTTP requests - for example to align your SIM contract with your device lifecycle, build own prepaid models or to send or receive configuration SMS. The complete functionality available is documented in the <<API Reference, API Reference>> section. 
```

In the following sections of the guide, you will find more information about our technology stack, integrations to several cloud platforms, the EMmnify API as well as several examples to help you in your IoT solutions building journey.

== Quickstart
To begin your developing your IoT solutions with EMnify, you will need an EMnify account. link:https://portal.emnify.com/sign/up?utm_source=dev-hub[Sign up]  for free for your EMnify account.

> === Ordering SIMs

Author: ```suggestion
=== Order free evaluation SIM package
```

:imagesdir: assets

== Cellular IoT

> EMnify is a IoT communications platform that enables you to connect your IoT solutions anywhere with the EMnify Global IoT SIM. Not only do you get global cellular access but with our cloud-native platform, we provide you with network meta-data to manage, monitor, and secure device communication.

Author: ```suggestion
EMnify is a IoT communications platform that enables you to connect your IoT solutions over the best networks in the country - anywhere with the EMnify Global IoT SIM. Not only do you get global cellular access but with our cloud-native platform, we provide you with control over your device connectivity and tools so that you can better operate and secure your solution.
```

- IoT SIM

Using a single SIM, you can have multiple IMSIs, switch between multiple carriers and ensure uninterrupted connectivity.

> - Network redundancy

Author: ```suggestion
- Highly available platform
```

With our own *Home network* deployed to the cloud in multiple availability zones, device communication remain uninterrupted.

- Cloud Integration

> Given the cloud-native nature of our platform, you can easily integrate network meta-data to cloud-services of your choice and automate processes like activation, quota management, billing and many more.

Author: ```suggestion
Given the cloud-native nature of our platform, you can easily integrate your cloud as well as on-premise IoT solutions. We allow you to connect through standard cloud services to establish a <<Cloud Connect, secure private network>> with your devices, get operational connectivity metadata delivered to your favorite << Multi Cloud Data Streamer, streaming analytics service>> or use your <<No-Code Workflow, low-code environment>>  to automate your device logistics and operation processes.
```

> - EMnify API

Reviewer: With the EMnify API, you can control your SIM cards from your own applications using HTTP requests - for example to align your SIM contract with your device lifecycle, build own prepaid models or to send or receive configuration SMS. The full functionality available is documented in the <<Rest-API>> section.

In the following sections of the guide, you will find more information about our technology stack, integrations to several cloud platforms, the EMmnify API as well as several examples to help you in your IoT solutions building journey.

== Quickstart

> To begin your developing your IoT solutions with EMnify, you will need an EMnify account. link:https://portal.emnify.com/sign/up?utm_source=dev-hub[Sign up]  for free for your EMnify account.

Reviewer: Double "your" in the first sentence

To begin developing your IoT solution

And I would remove "for your EMnify account" and just leave "Sign up for free to a 60-day trial to use all functionality."

Author: ```suggestion
To begin developing your IoT solutions with EMnify, you will need an EMnify account. link:https://portal.emnify.com/sign/up?utm_source=dev-hub[Sign up] for free to a 60-day trial to use all functionalities.
```

=== Ordering SIMs

> Before you begin the production of your IoT solution  with your EMnify SIM cards, you may want to test the service. You can order an Evaluation Pack directly on the EMnify portal. 

Reviewer: not sure what here means production of IoT solution? 

I would also change title from ordering SIMs to "Order free evaluation SIM package"

In the portal you can get your free evaluation SIM package with which you can test all EMnify services. Whereas the eSIM for your smartphone can be downloaded for free - shipping costs may apply for the 3 physical SIM cards, depending on your location.

Author: ```suggestion
Before you begin the production of your IoT solution  with your EMnify SIM cards, you may want to test the service. You can order your free Evaluation SIM package  on the EMnify portal with which you can test all EMnify services. Whereas you can download the  eSIM for your smartphone for free.
NOTE: Shipping costs may apply for the 3 physical SIM cards, depending on your location.
```
